api: add Tarantool 3 roles (#75)
tarantool/sharded-queue: README.md

    end
```

## Usage in a Tarantool 3 application

You need to install the Tarantool 3.0.2+ or 3.1+.

1. Add a dependency to your application rockspec.
2. Enable `roles.sharded-queue-router` role on all sharding `router` instances.
3. Enable `roles.sharded-queue-storage` role on all sharding `storage`

>    isntances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   instances.
```

Author: Thank you, updated.

4. Configure tubes for both roles.
5. Do not forget to bootstrap the vshard in your application. See

>    [router.lua][./router.lua] as an example.

Reviewer: It is not a valid Markdown link

>    [router.lua][./router.lua] as an example.

Reviewer: And there is no `router.lua` file in the root folder.

You could see a full example of the configuration in the [config.yaml][./config.yaml].

> Be careful, it is unable to create or drop tubes dynamically by API calls

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be careful, it is impossible to create or drop tubes dynamically by API calls
```

Author: Thank you, updated.

> Be careful, it is unable to create or drop tubes dynamically by API calls

Reviewer: Btw, why so?

Author: The problem here: we need to hold persistently information about tubes somewhere and to spread the information about it across the cluster.

From my point of view a reliable way to do this is to get information from the cluster configuration (the Cartridge updates the clusterwide config on `create_tube` as example). But maybe there are other ways.

> with Tarantool 3. You need to update the cluster configuration instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with Tarantool 3. You need to update the role configuration instead.
```

Author: Thank you, updated.

* `metrics` - enable or disable stats collection by metrics.
  metrics >= 0.11.0 is required. It is enabled by default.

## Running locally with Tarantool 3 (as an example)

Prepare `tt` environment:
```shell
tt init
git clone https://github.com/tarantool/sharded-queue instances.enabled/sharded-queue
```

Install dependencies:
```shell
tt build sharded-queue
```

Start default configuration:
```shell
tt start sharded-queue
```

To stop, say:
```shell
tt stop sharded-queue
```

## Launching tests
    
Say:

```shell
make deps

> make deps-cartridge # For Tarantool <3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make deps-cartridge # For Tarantool < 3.
```

Author: Thank you, updated.

> make deps-metrics # For Tarantool <3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
make deps-metrics # For Tarantool < 3.
```

Author: Thank you, updated.

    If you use **fifottl** driver (default), you can log driver's method calls with `log_request` (log router's and storage's operations).

> * You could not to create or to drop tubes by API calls with Tarantool 3. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can not create or drop tubes by API calls with Tarantool 3. You
```

Author: Thank you, updated.

>   need to update the cluster configuration instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need to update the role configuration instead.
```
